UNIFY-642-cypress app (#4262)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/tooling/code-coverage.md

  shows coverage for a React App that uses TypeScript.
- [bahmutov/cypress-and-jest](https://github.com/bahmutov/cypress-and-jest)
  shows how to run Jest unit tests and Cypress unit tests, collecting code

>   coverage from both applications, and then produce a merged report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  coverage from both test runners, and then produce a merged report.
```
